Hey what's up guys.
In today's lesson we're going to install another clone and this blogging will be responsible for showing
us the social media icons here in this area which for now has only this text.
There are a handful of INS in wordpress repository for this purpose.
But I chose one that is easy to set up called social.
I can switch it by Daniel Smith.
So let's start by installing this plug in as go Virtu plugins add a new one
and search for the displaying Let's scroll down a bit and here's the plugin that we want to install.
Well with a plug installed Let's think for a moment.
This plug in is a different kind of plug in.
In fact it's so we did so to use it we first need a new widget every available Chuwit we can added at
this moment in our theme.
We have five widget areas by the way.
Let's remember that going over to a perience widgets
we then have these five widget areas and they need a new one here.
Otherwise we will not have where to add this widget we just installed you already know how to create
a widget area right.
We need to register one more area in the functions that PSP file.
So let's open this file up in our subline text
and here we have this portion of the code where the five exist in widget areas are registered to create
a new one.
It's very easy to Scobie all of this code here corresponding to the register sidebar function and pasted
just below.
Just be very careful because the copied code has to be placed right after the semicolon here right.
Now the work we will have will be to modify the name of the widget various
your ID lets call it social media and the description
and the rest of the code will be left the way it is okay.
Let's go back to the Wordpress admin now in this page we can see that there is a new widget area.
Now we can track as many pages as we want into it.
But of course we were interested in just one of these widgets.
Lets look for the plugin widget we just installed social icons lets drag and drop the widgets to the
new area.
And now we can go ahead and configure all the options and do this first.
We don't want any title because according to our layout the only one the icons with respective links
nothing more.
Lets use an icon of 32 pixels medium size and we're going to click here to hide the title.
If we leave this option unchecked a text will appear say in followers and we don't want this text messing
around in layout.
OK now you finish out just specify the addresses for all the social media that we want.
I'm going a few only with Facebook and LinkedIn
now I can say
OK but of course it's not just that it's never that simple.
You still need to make some changes to the head of that piece file which is vertical that generates
the threat bar comes from and called the new widget area.
There are two
as I open up this file and we're going to remove this text here.
And instead let's call the new widget area here to do this is pretty simple.
I up on the beach stack here and write the following.
If is active side bar and what side we're doing that we just created called social media
dynamic sidebar and we passed the name of the sidebar or widget area again to the function OK.
Now we can see the result on the screen.
Let's refresh the page and there we have the social media icons the ones that we fill in there in our
widget but it's still strange.
Look I don't like it.
I think we need a bit of success to make it look better.
Let's open up our CSSA file them.
That's great.
A new area here social widgets and here is say the following for the order list.
Let's say there will be no padding and no margin
for each element of the list as to the following.
This will cause those bullets to disappear and each item to be displayed side by side not one on top
of the other as it is at the moment.
Let's say now let's refresh the page.
Voila here it is.
We now have our social icons.
Are you ready.
We have a good space for each icon and if you want to add more icons just go back to the widget and
filling with addresses for another social media OK.
So that's what I had to show in this lesson.
I hope you enjoy it and see you next time.
Bye.